PyTorch documentation updates (#11739)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/starter/lightning_lite.rst

   :header-rows: 0

   * - Processes divergence

>      - This happens when processes execute a different section of the code due to different if/else conditions, race conditions on existing files, etc., resulting in hanging.
>    * - Cross processes reduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - This happens when processes execute a different section of the code due to different if/else conditions, race conditions on existing files and so on, resulting in hanging.
   * - Cross processes reduction
```

    # equivalent
    lite = Lite(devices=0)

>     # int: run on to GPUs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # int: run on two GPUs
```

load
====

Load checkpoint contents from a file. Replaces all occurrences of ``torch.load(...)`` in your code. Lite will take care of

> handling the loading part correctly, no matter if you are running a single device, multi-devices or multi-nodes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
handling the loading part correctly, no matter if you are running a single device, multi-device, or multi-node.
```
I think it's just multi-node technically.
